We're almost at the end of this routing Marchal a lot of content was covered here.
Now there's one important thing you have to know regarding routing when using you react router when
it comes to the poloi in your app to a real server because you won't notice it here on the development
server because it's already configured correctly.
You have to remember how handling requests actually works in the web.
We have the user who sends a request to the server and we have our re-act app which is then loaded on
the index HVM elde page.
The thing is before we load to index h email page the server needs to find out which page the user actually
wanted to visit.
That of course is the case because the server always handles requests first.
This is how the Internet works.
The problem is it's the Riak that which knows the routes.
So if we wisit slash posts there is no slash posts route on our server that is defined in the javascript
code which is loaded on the index HTL page which we never get because we get a 4 0 for error on the
server because we tried to wisit a route which is unknown to the server.
And clearly this is not what you saw during development because as I said the development server is
already configured correctly.
We have to configure the server in a way that it always forewards requests no matter if it understands
them or not.
So also for for error or requests to the client so that it always returns the index team l page also
for on known requests because this then allows react to take over and parse the request against the
routes it knows.
So we should always load index H.T..
And if then there is a request we dont know.
Well you learned how to handle a 4 for errors with the re-act router.
Now as I said the development server we used here already is configured to always load the next age
team file.
It is something you will also have to do when hosting the app on your own server though.
Always return in next HVM out.
Even and especially in 4 0 for error cases.
Is one other thing you have to be aware of when hosting your app on your server.
If you are hosting it on let's say exampled dot com slash nothing.
So if that's the page with which we're landing on the route page of your react app you don't need to
set up anything special but if you're serving your app from let's say example the com slash my app so
anything beneath that folder should be your react.
You need to tell re-act about this.
You react router to be precise.
You need to set the base off for the react router and I want to quickly show you how to do that in your
application.
In the place where you use browser router.
So in our case and he actually has file here browser router you can also configure dat And you really
need to do that.
But there is a basename prop you can set and by default that's set to slash.
So this is the default but you don't need to set.
If your serving your app from my app you should set this to slash my app then all your requests are
routed against my app slash and then the link you were pointing to.
Otherwise if you had a link like here.
If you push the page change up on clicking post here we navigate to slash posts and it would always
add this to your root domain.
Now if you were re-act app is served from slash my app it will only work correctly and added to the
end of your domain slash my app.
If basename is set up so whenever you are serving your app from a sub directory make sure to set basename.
So here I will remove basename or all duplicated and commented out to leave it here for reference and
remove it in the browser.
We're actually using But this is something you have to know.